## useful cmds

        docker run -it --rm dockerinaction/ch3_ex2_hunt

        docker rm contaier_name

        docker rimi image_name:tag 

        docker pull quay.io/dockerinaction/ch3_hello_registry:latest         ( [REGISTRYHOST/][USERNAME/]NAME[:TAG] )

        docker save -o myfile.tar quay.io/dockerinaction/ch3_hello_registry:latest

        docker load –i myfile.tar

        

        docker login

        docker logout

##  notes

A layer is an image that’s related to at least one other image.

## summary

The task of installing and managing software on a computer presents a unique set of challenges. This chapter explains how you can use Docker to address them. The core ideas and features covered by this chapter are as follows:
- Human Docker users use repository names to communicate which software they would like Docker to install.
  
- Docker Hub is the default Docker registry. You can find software on Docker Hub through either the website or the docker command-line program.
  
- The docker command-line program makes it simple to install software that’s distributed through alternative registries or in other forms.
  
- The image repository specification includes a registry host field.

- The docker load and docker save commands can be used to load and save images from TAR archives.
  
- Distributing a Dockerfile with a project simplifies image builds on user machines.
  
- Images are usually related to other images in parent/child relationships. These relationships form layers. When we say that we have installed an image,
  we are saying that we have installed a target image and each image layer in its lineage.
  
- Structuring images with layers enables layer reuse and saves bandwidth during distribution and storage space on your computer.
